source/rocknroll_popular_songs/rocknroll_popular_songs.rst, before:

Rock and Roll Popular Songs
===========================

=================================== =======================================================================================================
Songs		  						Description
=================================== =======================================================================================================
1) Hey Jude			                 
									 Written by The Beatles, Paul McCartney wrote it for Julian, John Lennon’s son, after John 
									 Lennon had filed for divorce. The single lasts seven minutes, and was the first single
									 produced by Apple Records. In 2013 Billboard named it the tenth best song ever.

2) "I Can't Get No" Satisfaction	 
									 A simple song performed by The Rolling Stones, first performed live on Shindig! 
									 An American TV show. Rolling Stone magazine picked Satisfaction #2 on its list of the 
									 500 Greatest Songs of All Time.

3) Freebird							 
									 A power ballad by Lynyrd Skynyrd, quickly became a classic. It has become the band’s
									 signature song and is generally played at the end of each concert appearance, 
									 lasting as long as 14 minutes.

4) Stairway to Heaven				 
									 Appearing on Led Zeppelin’s fourth album, Stairway to Heaven is a song in 3 parts,
									 each one increasing in tempo and volume. The song was picked as #3 on VH1’s 
									 100 Greatest Rock Songs compiled in 2000.

5) Bohemian Rhapsody				 
									 A prime example of 1970’s progressive rock. Written by vocalist/pianist Freddy Mercury
									 and performed by Queen. Upon release, it sold over nine million copies and also 
									 did very well in the United States. 
=================================== =======================================================================================================

For a more comprehensive list, please visit Spinditty's `25 Greatest Classic Rock and Roll songs`_

.. _25 Greatest Classic Rock and Roll songs: https://spinditty.com/genres/25-Greatest-Classic-Rock-and-Roll-Songs

Below are the top 10 in `TimeOuts Best Classic Rock Songs`_

.. _TimeOuts Best Classic Rock Songs: https://www.timeout.com/newyork/music/best-classic-rock-songs-of-all-time

* Jimi Hendrix, *Purple Haze*
* Queen & David Bowie, *Under Pressure*
* Pink Floyd, *Comfortably Numb*
* The Rolling Stones, *Start Me Up*
* Creedence Clearwater Revival, *Proud Mary*
* Neil Young, *Rockin; in the Free World*
* Led Zeppelin, *Whole Lotta Love*
* The Clash, *Should I Stay or Should I Go*
* Aerosmith, *Walk This Way*
* The Who, *Baba O'Riley*

Commit message:

Finishing up rock and roll pages

source/rocknroll_popular_songs/rocknroll_popular_songs.rst, after:

Rock and Roll Popular Songs
===========================

What are some popular Rock and Roll songs?
------------------------------------------

====================================== =======================================================================================================
Songs		  						   Description
====================================== =======================================================================================================
1) *Hey Jude*		                 
									    Written by The Beatles, Paul McCartney wrote it for Julian, John Lennon’s son, after John 
									    Lennon had filed for divorce. The single lasts seven minutes, and was the first single
									    produced by Apple Records. In 2013 Billboard named it the tenth best song ever.

2) *"I Can't Get No" Satisfaction*
									    A simple song performed by The Rolling Stones, first performed live on Shindig! 
									    An American TV show. Rolling Stone magazine picked Satisfaction #2 on its list of the 
									    500 Greatest Songs of All Time.

3) *Freebird*							 
									    A power ballad by Lynyrd Skynyrd, quickly became a classic. It has become the band’s
									    signature song and is generally played at the end of each concert appearance, 
									    lasting as long as 14 minutes.

4) *Stairway to Heaven*			 
									    Appearing on Led Zeppelin’s fourth album, Stairway to Heaven is a song in 3 parts,
									    each one increasing in tempo and volume. The song was picked as #3 on VH1’s 
									    100 Greatest Rock Songs compiled in 2000.

5) *Bohemian Rhapsody*			 
									    A prime example of 1970’s progressive rock. Written by vocalist/pianist Freddy Mercury
									    and performed by Queen. Upon release, it sold over nine million copies and also 
									    did very well in the United States. 
====================================== =======================================================================================================

For a more comprehensive list, please visit Spinditty's `25 Greatest Classic Rock and Roll songs`_

.. _25 Greatest Classic Rock and Roll songs: https://spinditty.com/genres/25-Greatest-Classic-Rock-and-Roll-Songs

Below are the top 10 in `TimeOuts Best Classic Rock Songs`_

.. _TimeOuts Best Classic Rock Songs: https://www.timeout.com/newyork/music/best-classic-rock-songs-of-all-time

* Jimi Hendrix, *Purple Haze*
* Queen & David Bowie, *Under Pressure*
* Pink Floyd, *Comfortably Numb*
* The Rolling Stones, *Start Me Up*
* Creedence Clearwater Revival, *Proud Mary*
* Neil Young, *Rockin; in the Free World*
* Led Zeppelin, *Whole Lotta Love*
* The Clash, *Should I Stay or Should I Go*
* Aerosmith, *Walk This Way*
* The Who, *Baba O'Riley*
