source/rocknroll_artists/rocknroll_artists.rst, before:

Rock and Roll Popular Artists
=============================

=================================== =======================================================================================================
Songs		  						Description
=================================== =======================================================================================================
1) Chuck Berry			             
									 Otherwise known as Charles Edward Anderson Berry, was an American singer, songwriter, 
									 and one of the pioneers that helped create rock and roll. Berry refined and developed
									 rhythm and blues into the major elements that made rock and roll distinctive.

									 Among the honors he received were the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award in 1984, 
									 and the Kennedy Center honors in 2000. He was ranked 7th on best electric guitar
									 players of all time, and included in several of Rolling Stone’s
									 “Greatest of All Time” lists.
									 
									 .. image:: chuckberry.jpg
									 	:width: 50%
									 This image was taken from the `Rock Hall Inductee Chuck Berry`_ website

									 .. _ Rock Hall Inductee Chuck Berry: https://www.rockhall.com/inductees/chuck-berry

2) Little Richard					 
									 With the Birth name Richard Wayne Penniman, Little Richard is an American recording
 									 artist, singer-songwriter, and actor. He was another pioneer of rock and roll music who
 									 also acted as a pop music and culture icon. His music influenced many other popular 
 									 genres of music, including soul, funk, hip hop, and rhythm and blues.

									 He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as part of its first group of 
									 inductees in 1986. He was also inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame, and received 
									 a Lifetime Achievement Award from the Rhythm and Blues Foundation.

									 .. image:: littlerichard.jpg
									 	:width: 50%
									 This image was taken from the `Rock Hall Inductee Little Richard`_ website

									 .. _Rock Hall Inductee Little Richard: https://www.rockhall.com/inductees/little-richard

3) Elvis Presley					 
									 Often referred to as the “King of Rock and Roll”, Elvis Aaron Presley was an
									 American singer and actor. He was often Regarded as one of the most significant
									 cultural icons of the 20th century. His career began at Sun Records, who wanted
									 to bring the sound of African-American music to a wider audience, so they had a
									 white man sing their songs.
									
									 Presley is one of the most celebrated and influential musicians of the
									 20th century. He is the best-selling solo artist in the history of recorded music.
									 He won three competitive Grammys, received the Grammy Lifetime Achievement at age 36,
									 and has been inducted into multiple music halls of fame.

									 .. image:: elvispresley.jpg
									 	:width: 50%
									 This image was taken from the `Rock Hall Inductee Elvis Presley`_ website

									 .. _Rock Hall Inductee Elvis Presley: https://www.rockhall.com/inductees/elvis-presley

4) The Beatles				 		 
									 Were an English rock band formed in Liverpool in 1960 consisting of members John Lennon,
									 Paul McCartney, George Harrison, and Ringo Starr. The Beatles has become widely regarded
									 as the foremost and most influential music band in history. The band became integral
									 to pop music’s evolution into an art form and to the development of the counterculture
									 of the 1960s.

									 In 1965, Queen Elizabeth II appointed Lennon, Mcartney, Harrison and Starr to the
									 Members of the Order of the British Empire. They received seven Grammy Awards, and
									 fifteen Ivor Novello Awards. Have been awarded six Diamond albums in the United States.
									 They are the best-selling band in history, selling more than 800 million physical and
									 digital albums as of 2013. The Rolling Stone ranked the Beatles as the best artist of
									 all time. In 2014, they received the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award.

									 .. image:: beatles.jpg
									 	:width: 50%
									 This image was taken from the `Rock Hall Inductee The Beatles`_ website

									 .. _Rock Hall Inductee Elvis The Beatles: https://www.rockhall.com/inductees/beatles
=================================== =======================================================================================================

Commit message:

Finishing up rock and roll pages

source/rocknroll_artists/rocknroll_artists.rst, after:

Rock and Roll Popular Artists
=============================

Artists who had a significant impact on the development of Rock and Roll
------------------------------------------------------------------------

=================================== =======================================================================================================
Songs		  						Description
=================================== =======================================================================================================
1) Chuck Berry 
									 Otherwise known as Charles Edward Anderson Berry, was an American singer, songwriter, 
									 and one of the pioneers that helped create rock and roll. Berry refined and developed
									 rhythm and blues into the major elements that made rock and roll distinctive.

									 Among the honors he received were the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award in 1984, 
									 and the Kennedy Center honors in 2000. He was ranked 7th on best electric guitar
									 players of all time, and included in several of Rolling Stone’s
									 “Greatest of All Time” lists.
									 
									 .. image:: chuckberry.jpg
									 	:width: 50%

									 This image was taken from the `Rock Hall Inductee Chuck Berry`_ website

									 .. _Rock Hall Inductee Chuck Berry: https://www.rockhall.com/inductees/chuck-berry

2) Little Richard					 
									 With the Birth name Richard Wayne Penniman, Little Richard is an American recording
 									 artist, singer-songwriter, and actor. He was another pioneer of rock and roll music who
 									 also acted as a pop music and culture icon. His music influenced many other popular 
 									 genres of music, including soul, funk, hip hop, and rhythm and blues.

									 He was inducted into the Rock and Roll Hall of Fame as part of its first group of 
									 inductees in 1986. He was also inducted into the Songwriters Hall of Fame, and received 
									 a Lifetime Achievement Award from the Rhythm and Blues Foundation.

									 .. image:: littlerichard.jpg
									 	:width: 50%

									 This image was taken from the `Rock Hall Inductee Little Richard`_ website

									 .. _Rock Hall Inductee Little Richard: https://www.rockhall.com/inductees/little-richard

3) Elvis Presley					 
									 Often referred to as the “King of Rock and Roll”, Elvis Aaron Presley was an
									 American singer and actor. He was often Regarded as one of the most significant
									 cultural icons of the 20th century. His career began at Sun Records, who wanted
									 to bring the sound of African-American music to a wider audience, so they had a
									 white man sing their songs.
									
									 Presley is one of the most celebrated and influential musicians of the
									 20th century. He is the best-selling solo artist in the history of recorded music.
									 He won three competitive Grammys, received the Grammy Lifetime Achievement at age 36,
									 and has been inducted into multiple music halls of fame.

									 .. image:: elvispresley.jpg
									 	:width: 50%

									 This image was taken from the `Rock Hall Inductee Elvis Presley`_ website

									 .. _Rock Hall Inductee Elvis Presley: https://www.rockhall.com/inductees/elvis-presley

4) The Beatles				 		 
									 Were an English rock band formed in Liverpool in 1960 consisting of members John Lennon,
									 Paul McCartney, George Harrison, and Ringo Starr. The Beatles has become widely regarded
									 as the foremost and most influential music band in history. The band became integral
									 to pop music’s evolution into an art form and to the development of the counterculture
									 of the 1960s.

									 In 1965, Queen Elizabeth II appointed Lennon, Mcartney, Harrison and Starr to the
									 Members of the Order of the British Empire. They received seven Grammy Awards, and
									 fifteen Ivor Novello Awards. Have been awarded six Diamond albums in the United States.
									 They are the best-selling band in history, selling more than 800 million physical and
									 digital albums as of 2013. The Rolling Stone ranked the Beatles as the best artist of
									 all time. In 2014, they received the Grammy Lifetime Achievement Award.

									 .. image:: beatles.jpg
									 	:width: 50%

									 This image was taken from the `Rock Hall Inductee The Beatles`_ website

									 .. _Rock Hall Inductee The Beatles: https://www.rockhall.com/inductees/beatles
=================================== =======================================================================================================
